Added documentation for APM-173 (#777)
arangodb/docs: 3.9/release-notes-new-features39.md

### arangobench

> Now it supports multiple coordinators, so the flag `--server.endpoint` can be
> used multiple times, as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_arangobench_ now supports multiple Coordinators. The flag `--server.endpoint`
can be specified multiple times, as in the example below:
```

> ```js

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````

arangobench \
  --server.endpoint tcp://[::1]::8529 \
  --server.endpoint tcp://[::1]::8530 \
  --server.endpoint tcp://[::1]::8531 
``` 

> This does not compromise the use of the other client tools, which preserve
> the behavior of having one coordinator and one endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does not compromise the use of the other client tools, that preserve
the behavior of having one Coordinator and one endpoint.
```

> the behavior of having one Coordinator and one endpoint.

Reviewer 2: What about arangodump and arangorestore?

> Refer to [arangobench options](programs-arangobench.html#general-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see [_arangobench_ Options](programs-arangobench.html#general-configuration)
```
